Add Enhance Content Section to Help Center (#124)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/enhance-documentation-content/markdown-support.md

- TOC
{:toc}

> The generation of your API documentation is based on your API document, which must adhere to one of the standards we support (OpenAPI/Swagger and AsyncAPI.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generation of your API documentation is based on your API definition, which must adhere to one of the standards we support (OpenAPI/Swagger and AsyncAPI).
```

Reviewer 2: Works with the 2. `document` is OK here, but `definition` works better imo 👍

> The generation of your API documentation is based on your specification file, which must adhere to one of the standards we support (OpenAPI, AsyncAPI, and soon others like GraphQL, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The generation of your API documentation is based on your API document, which must adhere to one of the standards we support (OpenAPI/Swagger and AsyncAPI.).
```

> However, to allow you to enrich your documentation, we support common Markdown syntax, including call-outs and the addition of images, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow you to enrich your documentation, we support common Markdown syntax, including call-outs and the addition of images, for example.
```
Keeping it positive all the way!

> You can integrate Markdown directly into your specification file or as an [external reference](/help/enhance-documentation-content/markdown-support/#markdown-files-as-an-external-reference) pointing to Markdown files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can integrate Markdown directly into your API document or as an [external reference](/help/enhance-documentation-content/markdown-support/#markdown-files-as-an-external-reference) pointing to Markdown files.
```

> ## Information call-outs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Information call-outs
```

We need the same title level as for `Titles & headings`.

Bump.sh supports information call-outs (of type `info`, `warn`, `success` or `error`) with the quote markdown syntax (lines starting with `> ` ) if the first line contains one of the call-out types.

E.g.

```undefined
> info
> this is an important information to **standout**.
```

will render:

> this is an important information to **standout**.
{: .info}

> ## Images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Images
```

Use the following syntax to add images in your markdown:
```
![Alt text](/path/to/image.jpg "Image title")
```

> We strongly recommend to add an [alt text](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt_attribute#Usage) for an image, even if the parameters `Alt text` and `"Image title"` are optional.

Reviewer 3: I would even say something among those lines: 
```suggestion
You should add an [alt text](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt_attribute#Usage) when introducing an image, to make it accessible to everyone.
```
or 
```suggestion
Don't forget to add an [alt text](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt_attribute#Usage) for an image, to make it accessible to everyone.
```
Reminding people it's optional might encourage them not to put them but they really really should have alts for every image.

> ### Image sizing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Image sizing
```

=x50px        # without width
```

>- If you don't specify a `unit` it will default to pixel.
- If you don't specify `width` *or* `height`, the other value will be a ratio calculated from the original size of the image so it doesn't shrink.

> {: .info}

Reviewer: How about writing an example for each supported case, so that everything is crystal clear? Maybe it's just me, but I'm now a little confused about how exactly I should write the "dimension" part. I'd recommend that the example shows the whole parenthesis, including the path, "image title", and so on.

Author: Don't we have that example on line 94? Or would you like something else?

## Markdown files as an external reference

> Markdown files can be included as an [external reference](/help/specification-support/references) within your API document with the $ref syntax `$ref: "./path/to/local-markdown.md"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown files can be included as an [external reference](/help/specification-support/references) within your API definition with the $ref syntax `$ref: "./path/to/local-markdown.md"`.
```

Reviewer 2: Both work here, but reading your comments Chris, I think that it does make sense to only refer to the "document" word when talking about the file. Here, we talke about the spec usage, so the definition word seems to work better 👍

> Markdown files can be included as an [external reference](/help/specification-support/references) within your specification file with the $ref syntax `$ref: "./path/to/local-markdown.md"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Markdown files can be included as an [external reference](/help/specification-support/references) within your API document with the $ref syntax `$ref: "./path/to/local-markdown.md"`.
```

> In the same way you can extract part of your specification file (usually JSON schema of your models into dedicated `*.yaml` or `*.json` files), you can extract your markdown content into dedicated files too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the same way you can extract part of your API definition (usually JSON schema of your models into dedicated `*.yaml` or `*.json` files), you can extract your markdown content into dedicated files too.
```

> **E.g.** Your OpenAPI spec file `api-contract.yml` can thus looks like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**E.g.** Your OpenAPI file `api-contract.yml` can thus looks like:
```

  version: 1.0.0
  description:
    $ref: "./docs/introduction.md"
servers:
  ...
paths:
  ...
```

> These files will be rendered within your documentation as if they were part of your API document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files will be rendered within your documentation as if they were part of your API definition.
```

  ...
```

> With files `docs/introduction.md`, `docs/getting-started.md`, `docs/use-cases.md` and `docs/use-cases-examples.md` right next to your contract document, you will be able to generate a comprehensive API documentation with nicely formatted content for your users.

Reviewer 2: Can we remove the `x-topics` part of the examples here, to keep it simple? Keeping only the $ref: "docs/introductions.md" seems to be enought.

Author: I removed also the mention of topics at the end, as I wasn't able to find an appropriate way to introduce them here.

> The rendering will display these files as accessible pages within your documentation, making it easier to use and navigate through it and allowing for a greater variety of resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These files will be rendered within your documentation as if they were part of your API document.
```

Author: way much better

> External references also integrate well with topics, which are manually written text sections that allow you to add context and other elements to the beginning of your endpoints, webhooks, or channels.

Reviewer 2: I don't get this line, I think we can remove it.
